Add `JULIA_PKG_SERVER` to Environment Variables in docs (#39603)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/environment-variables.md

$(DEPOT_PATH[1])/logs/repl_history.jl
```

### `JULIA_PKG_SERVER`

> Used by `Pkg.jl`, for loading packages. By default, `Pkg` uses https://pkg.julialang.org to
> host julia packages. You can use this environment variable to disable the use of this
> package server, and instead access the packages hosted by GitHub, by setting:

Reviewer: I'm very far from being an authority in the Pkg land, but I think "loading" and "hosting" packages are used incorrectly here.  I'd say something along these lines
```suggestion
Used by `Pkg.jl`, for downloading packages and updating the registry. By default, `Pkg` uses `https://pkg.julialang.org` to
fetch Julia packages. You can use this environment variable to select a different server, or also to disable the use of the
PkgServer protocol, and instead access the packages directly from their hosts (GitHub, GitLab, etc.) by setting:
```

Author: Cool, thanks for the change!
